Keycloak oidc provider (#1210)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: CHANGELOG.md

## Important Notes

> - New keycloak-oidc provider added with support for role based authentication. Will eventually deprecate the current keycloak auth provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New keycloak-oidc provider added with support for role based authentication. Will eventually deprecate the current keycloak auth provider.
```
```suggestion
- [#1210](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/pull/1210) New `keycloak-oidc` provider added with support for role based authentication. Will eventually deprecate the current keycloak auth provider.
```

  deserialization from v6.0.0 (only) has been removed to improve performance. If you are on v6.0.0, either upgrade
  to a version before this first and allow legacy sessions to expire gracefully or change your `cookie-secret`
  value and force all sessions to reauthenticate.

>   
> - [#1210](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/pull/1210) New `keycloak-oidc` provider added with support for role based authentication. Will eventually deprecate the current keycloak auth provider.

Reviewer 2: Just want to reword this a bit so it is more actionable
```suggestion
  - [#1210](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/pull/1210) A new `keycloak-oidc` provider has been added with support for role based authentication. The existing keycloak auth provider will eventually be deprecated and removed. Please switch to the new provider `keycloak-oidc`.
```
